all right welcome to another edition of
jtj you where we all try to be just a
little better at the game of class of
class I got another attack review
screencast this time from our war
against Syria that's going on right now
whoo boy and Town Hall lake village took
his averted 105 Dragoon and got a
three-star so I thought I'd take a look
at it and let you guys also share in the
process before we do as always let's
give a head nod to our backup band but
ill it with rage those of you with
sensitive ears while i'll move on cuz it
kind of loud but otherwise let's get to
the first attack alright with any attack
first thing we want to figure out is are
we even doing the right style so let's
run through them 105-degree obviously we
think it's right but notice all the ad
is within five tiles of each other and
the pre padding is kind of built there
see how that finger points out up to 4
30 on the map it'll be nice pretty easy
way to cut and then how to drag funnel
into that first position on the inverted
the hog pathing left probably there I
don't see a tube by force that might
work or a go wipe same deal walls are
pretty weak and looks like the test is
only two by two spots I see or right
there towards MIT or neighboring it so
to get the mid you kind of try to take
them out and mountains your peckers the
11 life as always if you can take out
the with a 105 you probably want to go
that route 11 life but when it won't
work and then the 717 there's no ring of
non defensive buildings and the 813
they're not separated and then drags
knife you can't get to it very so 105
looks good could have done a couple
other one but let's move on to the next
step I'll give you green the next
decision is the attack line and in this
case we're actually going to see what
makes this attack unique and that's such
an inverted attack we're not actually
going first for the two ladies coming
from 1030 to try to broadside them as a
first step rather we'll take the point
of the be coming from 430 to start
because it's a little closer to the edge
and then hit the two broadsides at the
tail end of the attack and as long as
you have a heel and a rage left for that
final broadside you can do this inverted
give it a name the next point the cuts
is we've discussed earlier is right from
three and six o'clock and he does that
so I got an a on that and we want to
deploy the main force right on the
attack line it does that pretty well
then see Siemens right before the spell
to help take out the clan castle I'll be
the Rays and then the Healey is he
dropping there and the heels actually
nailing the final push into the
broadsides we talked about flipping
around standard 105 to be the inverted
but as the attack benches out let's go
over the inverted one last time so 105
but you're attacking the point of the V
instead of the broadside of start and
what that does is spells a change to be
to rage one hill because you can rage to
first get to the point of the V then
he'll as you broadside and ray just
before otherwise it's all the same and
results and application alright guys
that wraps up this episode of attack
review if you like with Saul give me
like give me a subscribe tell your
friends do something otherwise you got
time your hands you always check out our
prior screencaps it was a town hall 8
base review guide offended nine times or
gal I'm sorry Marsha defended us nine
times in the prior war worst case if
serendipity is your game Jesse the man's
and subsalt light will show you how to
breakdance okay guys I'll talk you later
Attila take us out
you